docs: update Intro.md (#1727)
aragon/aragon-cli: docs/Intro.md

#### The ~/.aragon directory

> After running `aragon devchain` once the aragonCLI creates the `.aragon` directory under the user directory where it saves the state of the devchain and the [Aragon client](client.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The aragonCLI creates the `.aragon` directory under the user's home directory, where it saves the state of the devchain and the [Aragon client](client.md). At the moment, this folder is only automatically created after running `aragon devchain` once, but can also be created by via `mkdir ~/.aragon`.
```
